Okay. So now we're going to add the sector as a feature.
So note that this variable here,
that we're adding to the pipeline,
we had actually set earlier above.
So if I scroll back up to the make factor section,
that's at the beginning of the notebook.
I can also search sector,
just so I can highlight where it is.
So I scroll back up and in this section, make factors,
and within this cell,
you can see that I said sector is equal to project_helper.Sector.
Okay. So this was setting this variable so that
each stock ticker has a particular sector category associated with it.
We use this inside some of these factors to demean by sector,
for example, in this case.
But now we're going to add it to the pipeline to use as a feature itself.
So if I go back to the sector and industry section right here,
we're just going to add this sector to the pipeline,
and then we're also going to run the pipeline,
so that we can actually extract the data into this dataframe, all factors.
So you can see here there's a couple of factors here and features that we've created,
and there's also the sector code right here.
Notice these are numbers representing the categories,
and so because we know this is a categorical variable,
we're going to one-hot encoded because these numbers don't have a real ordering.